{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset255 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.18362}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\f0\fs72 The Pantheon of Arkhege\fs96\par
\par
\ul\fs52 The Ancient Ones\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone\b0\f1\fs22\lang9\par
\ul\b\f0\fs40\lang1033 The Sun-King\fs44\par
\ulnone\fs32 Alignment: \b0 Lawful Good \b\f1\'b0 \f0 Domains: \b0 Life, Light, Protection, War\b\fs36\par
\b0\tab\fs32 The pillar of justice, protection, light, and honor, the Sun-King stands as a beacon to many paladins of order and good, and is revered by most Aasimar and Metallic Dragons, viewed by both as the first of their kind. The crest of the Sun-King adorns many halls of high leadership and justice, his will expected to be present at all just rulings. To follow him is to proctect those who cannot protect themselves.\par
\tab This majestic being is often seen emblazoned on armor and shields, both decorative and functional, in the majestic form of an immaculately defined face, with a strong, chiseled jaw, carved into a golden helmet, surrounded by an awesome wreath of a brilliant, golden flame. Temple sculptures and art pieces depict the Sun-King differently from place to place, but almost always as either a regal angel, shelled in ornate golden armor, standing powerfully in place, resting his hands on the pommel of an illustrious greatsword, with his wings outstretched behind him, or as a massive, glittering dragon of vibrant golden sheen, with an almost endless wingspan. His symbol is that of a greatsword, over a pair of wings, wrapped in a wreath of flame.\par
\tab The Sun-King's holy day is a great festival that spans the last week of summer, Gilderhearth. This is a time of remnance and revelry, celebrating the lives of those who died in the defense of others, and those who risk their lives in the never-ending war against the unholy evils of the world.\par
\ul\b\fs36 Commandments of the Sun-King                          \'f8\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone\b0\fs28 Lead with mercy, patience, and compassion. Inspire others to unite in fellowship.\ul\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\ulnone\b0 Stand as a paragon of honor and justice.\ul\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\ulnone\b0 Smite evil wherever it is found, yet show compassion to those who have strayed from the path of righteousness.\f1\fs22\lang9\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\ul\b\f0\fs40\lang1033 The Wild Fey\fs44\par
\ulnone\fs32 Alignment: \b0 Chaotic Good \b\f1\'b0 \f0 Domains: \b0 Nature, Protection, Trickery\b\fs36\par
\b0\tab\fs32 The Wild Fey's domain resides over music and wilderness, her growing influence beckoning to many, from all walks, ranging from carefree pranksters and fickle gamblers, to whethered, animal-loving druids. Speaker of the wilderness, she represents all wild creatures of the wood, protecting their homes through trickery and winds which whisper of danger. This nature leads to very few temples in direct civilization dedicated to the Wild Fey, but small shrines can often be found well off the beaten path, tucked away in small woodland groves, or beneath the open sky at the center of the woods. The druids of the Wild Fey strive to maintain the delicate natural balance that exists between the rampant expansion of civilization and the fleeting dominion of nature, and should seek to establish foundations that preserve the wilderness and the kindred life within.\par
\tab Seen immortalized through wooden reliefs and natural idols in hidden, overgrown groves and rural shrines, the Wild Fey is often depicted as a beautiful woman of diminutive stature with fair skin, accompanied by wild companions, usually either a small dog or large bear, almost all of which  usually dwarf her small, lithe frame. Her symbol is that of a tiny handprint, contained in a small pawprint, contained in a final larger paw print.\par
\tab The Wild Fey's holy day is the Parade of Paws, and is celebrated on the vernal equinox, usually on the twentieth day of the third month. Those who live near the wilds may celebrate the Wild Fey by making offerings to the critters and beasts of the wilds or helping take care of them by cleaning up the environment around their residence. The Parade of Paws is barely celebrated within larger cities, but some folk will feed stray street animals in observance of the holiday.\par
\ul\b\fs36 Commandments of the Wild Fey                            \'f8\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone\b0\fs28 Luck favors the bold. Seek out joy by persuing your passions.\ul\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\ulnone\b0 Protect the untamed wilderness of the realm from exploitation and destruction.\ul\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\ulnone\b0 Strive to live in harmony with nature. Respect those who exist in the natural world and seek to form bonds of loyalty over needless aggression.\f1\fs22\lang9\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\ul\b\f0\fs40\lang1033 The Starchild\fs44\par
\ulnone\fs32 Alignment: \b0 Chaotic Neutral \b\f1\'b0 \f0 Domains: \b0 Arcana, Knowledge, Trickery, Twilight\b\fs36\par
\b0\tab\fs32 The Starchild is one of very few extraplanar entities with strong ties to Arkhege. Her will as the goddess of stars and moonlight, patron of misdirection and illusion, and mother of the first fey, is widely coveted by those who seek knowledge and understanding of what lies beyond what can be reached. As elves are descendants of the first fey, she is widely worshipped within their culture, as well as the culture of halflings, since many consider her to be the deity of love, protecting the trysts of lovers with shadows of her own making. Those who work in the shadows, or seek knowledge, also ask for her blessing.\par
\tab The Starchild has many depictions across Arkhege, sometimes modeled as a wise and fervent elven woman, with beaty so great the stars blush, and othertimes as a mischevious fairy, invading the domains of others to spread trickery and good will, the most common depiction of the Starchild is that of a lithe, beautiful, carefree elven child, whose eyes and smile shine like glittering stars. Her symbol is that of a white lotus over the crescent moon.\par
\tab The Starchild has no holy day, but is instead celebrated by elves on the night of the decade's largest moon. Elven astronomers track the moon's phases, and how it grows closer and further from Arkhege, and can predict these days with great accuracy. Many high and haughty elves use this festival as an excuse to be sly and mischevious, while some younger elves will dress in costumes and use illusions to play tricks on their peers.\par
\ul\b\fs36 Commandments of the Starchild                           \'f8\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone\b0\fs28 Sieze your own destiny by persuing your passions.\ul\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\ulnone\b0 Let the shadows of night protect you from the blinding light of fanatical good and the consuming darkness of absolute evil.\ul\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\ulnone\b0 Walk unbridled and untethered, finding and forging new memories and experiences.\ul\b\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone\b0\f1\fs22\lang9\par
\ul\b\f0\fs40\lang1033 The Queen of Death\fs44\par
\ulnone\fs32 Alignment: \b0 Lawful Neutral \b\f1\'b0 \f0 Domains: \b0 Blood, Death, Life,  Twilight\b\fs36\par
\b0\tab\fs32 Weaver to the loom of fate and handler of threads, the Queen of Death stands at the edge of mortal life, observing those who pass on. Her gaze follows and marks the end of each mortal life, watching over the transition between life and death, and ensuring the sacred moment goes undefiled. Many funerals call upon her blessing, asking her to watch over the deceased nad protect them against the horrific curse of undeath. Many who keep or study the most ancient of lore believe the Queen was once mortal herself, and is one of the only two known mortals to have ever ascended. Her rise instantly obliterated the previous, now-forgotten, god of death, and the other gods quickly and fearfully destroyed all known secrets regarding her rites of ascension.\par
\tab Few existing visual depictions of the Queen of Death exist, and all those that do present her as a very plain, tall figure, wreathed in a hooded robe of dark, inky feathers, with a very pale, expressionless face, akin to that of a porcelain mask. Her eyes are dark, like the rest of her figure, and seem to reflect the statue of one's own character back at them. Most temples and altars to here merely use the raven as a symbol of her divine blessing, although some favor the use of a plain, white, porcelain mask instead.\par
\tab The holy day of the Queen of Death is Samhain, and is celebrated during the last few days of the harvest season, which is usually from the twenty-nineth day of the tenth month to the first day of the eleventh month. Many outsiders without close ties to the Queen of Death see this cheerie festival to the dead as macabre and unsettling, but the Queen's followers believe that the honored dead would rather be remembered through cheer and celebration than misery. \par
\ul\b\fs36 Commandments of the Queen of Death                   \'f8\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone\b0\fs28 Death is the natural conclusion of life. There is no reason to pity those who have fallen.\ul\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\ulnone\b0 The path of Fate is sacrosanct. Those who pridefully attempt to cast off their destiny must be punished.\ul\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\ulnone\b0 Undeath is an atrocity to life. Those who pervert the transition of the soul must be brought down.\ul\b\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\fs40 The Tidemaster\fs44\par
\ulnone\fs32 Alignment: \b0 Chaotic Good \b\f1\'b0 \f0 Domains: \b0 Protection, Tempest, War\b\fs36\par
\b0\tab\fs32 Where thunder cracks and conflict rises, prayers to the Tidemaster are cast into the maelstrom. Followers of the Tidemaster are taught that, like the untamed seas, freedom is the most sacred of gifts that life bestows, and for another to take that is unforgivable. He spites the Banished Gods, like the Spider Queen and Mother of Monsters, whose followers are often engaged in kidnapping, slavery, and murder of the innocent, teaching there is no more egregious act. He brings tumultuous storms across land and sea, and those who wish for clearer skies offer their praises and prayers in hopes of appeasing his will, and thus many small fishing villages will often have a shrine dedicated to him.\par
\tab Within his temples and carvings, the Tidemaster is shown as a paragon among warriors, always depicted as a muscular triton with strong features. His deep blue skin is often covered only by a kilt and offset by his fiery red hair, whose color is shared by his various fins and webbing. He is rarely depicted without his majestic, warped trident, the Tidecrash, which is said to be a physical embodiment of his will, and can conjure storms and summon lightning. His symbol is that of a trident, the ends of which are bent instead of straight.\par
\tab The Tidemaster's holy day is the Great Emancipation, and is celebrated as the thirteenth day of the third month. On this day, all those who were once slaves, or suffered under the harsh oppression of others, rise up in revelry, drinking, singing, recanting stories of their freedom, and challenging one another to playful tests of strength in worship and gratitude to the Tidemaster and his followers who freed them.\par
\ul\b\fs36 Commandments of the Tidemaster                        \'f8\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone\b0\fs28 Strength is used for the weak. Rise up against oppression, wherever it may be found, and tear it out by the roots.\ul\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\ulnone\b0 Bravery above all. There is no honor in cowardice.\ul\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\ulnone\b0 Those who are beyond redemption, who revel in slaughter and remorseless evil, must be met with swift justice.\ul\b\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\fs40 The Traveler\fs44\par
\ulnone\fs32 Alignment: \b0 Neutral Good \b\f1\'b0 \f0 Domains: \b0 Knowledge, Nature, Trickery\b\fs36\par
\b0\tab\fs32 Also known as "the Great Wanderer", the Traveler champions freedom, travel, trade, and adventure across the realm. His call beckons his followers to spread across the land, seeking that which lies just beyond the known. This nature led to very few temples to him being erected within civilization, but instead they can often be found just off the beaten path at small shrines and time-worn campsites; areas that have been well traveled. His worship is most common among merchants, adventurers, travelers, pilgrims, and those who seek the unknown, his mention most found in the tavern cheers of those safely arriving from a long journey.\par
\tab A natural trickster, always seeking companionship, stories, and revelry on the open road, the Traveler's appearance changes greatly from story to story, ranging anywhere between a dapper young gentleman who is immaculately groomed and dressed to impress, to that of a haggard, worn old man with thin, white, whispy hair, a thick, messy beard, and old, dirty, well-worn and weather damaged clothes. While occasionally said to appear with a mundane or ordinary appearance, his flair for the dramatic, more often than not, leaves him leaning to the extremes. His symbol is that of a gold coin with a relief of a feather in a cap.\par
\tab Followers of the Traveler celebrate his holy day, the New Dawn, on the first day of the first month, where the old gives way to the new. In larger cities, the New Dawn is celebrated at midnight with a large feast, often accompanied by a play that depicts all major changes of the past year, while those in smaller villages may leave on small journeys or hikes at the first dawn with a group of their peers.\par
\ul\b\fs36 Commandments of the Traveler                            \'f8\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone\b0\fs28 Embrace freedom. Follow the winds and let life lead you wherever it may.\ul\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\ulnone\b0 Change is inevitable. The righteous can ensure that such change is for the better.\ul\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\ulnone\b0 Rise against tyranny. Fight for the freedom of yourself and others when you can, and inspire others to do so when you can't.\ul\b\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\fs40 The Weaver\fs44\par
\ulnone\fs32 Alignment: \b0 True Neutral \b\f1\'b0 \f0 Domains: \b0 Arcana, Forge,  Knowledge, War\b\fs36\par
\b0\tab\fs32 Patron of the arts, master of melodies, and harbinger of progression, The Weaver is worshipped by smiths, artisans, miners, playwrights, bards, and magus' alike as the patron deity of craft, creation, music, and all manner of expression, granting inspiration wherever respect and prayer are given. The Weaver is worshipped wherever craft and home is found, but is surprising well respected within dwarven society. It is said, within dwarven society, that at the heart of every major stronghold, lies a temple to the dwarven incarnation of the Weaver, which they refer to as the Maker.\par
\tab The Weaver has many depictions throughout the varying societies of the world, as every race has a different name and depiction for her. Within dwarven society she is depicted as a male. A tall, broad, stalwart warrior and smith, arming his hearty brethren with the machinations of his volcano-home, the Allforge. Within gnomish society, she's depicted as the Tinkerer, a petite, lithe, wily gnomish woman in a well-worn apron, filled with various gears, that perpetually has slick, black grease smeared across her freckled cheeks and throughout her bright red hair. Her symbol is that of a book, music note, and an anvil.\par
\tab The Weaver's holy day is known as Coldcrest, and is celebrated at the apex of winter, usually the twenty-fifth day of the twelth month, and is a grand festival where artisanal food and alcoholic drink fill the street, promoting an overwhelming sense of community and family. Handmade gifts are exchanged with loved ones to pay thanks for the year that has past, and plays are put on, of all variety, to pay tribute to the Weaver, in all her forms, however the main event of the evening is the Grand Exhibition, an amazing show where the best artisans in the land put forth their best works of the year and give small hints towards what they will be working on for the next year. Extremely devout followers of the Weaver may spend the last few days leading up to Coldcrest in solitude and fasting, meditating on how to better hone their craft and respect their role withing their family to benefit the others.\par
\ul\b\fs36 Commandments of the Weaver                             \'f8\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone\b0\fs28 To create is the most pure expression of self. Go forth and leave your mark, whatever it may be.\ul\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\ulnone\b0 Uphold and promote loyalty to family, loyalty to clan, and loyalty to your people.\ul\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\ulnone\b0 Legacy is paramount. To create something that lasts the ages is to change the world for the better.\ul\b\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\fs40 The Allfather\fs44\par
\ulnone\fs32 Alignment: \b0 Neutral Good \b\f1\'b0 \f0 Domains: \b0 Forge, Life, Light, Protection, War\b\fs36\par
\b0\fs32\tab The Allfather stands lord over luck and summer, his vigil encircling the ages as the keeper of time. Lord of agriculture and harbinger of the harvest, his followers commonly include those common folk who make a living off the land, such as farmers, hunters, miners, and even the nomadic barbarians, his priests welcomed in lands all over. Provider to the needy and destroyer of evil, the Allfather is often the patron to Paladins and Rangers who follow a similar creed. The Allfather is also celebrated for his victory over the Hungering Calamity during the Great Birth of Evil, sealing the evil away by destroying the Malefic Gate.\par
\tab The Allfather has roots all across Arkhege, so naturally there are different depictions of him, depending on who you ask. Due to the nature of his religion, the most common depiction of the Allfather is that of just another man. Tall, strong, and handsome, his tanned skin is covered by common working clothes. His fair, dark hair lies beneath a straw cap, and within wooden reliefs and temple art pieces, he is immortalized hard at work, usually with a hoe or scythe in hand. His symbol is that of a great celtic tree of life.\par
\tab The Allfather has no traditional holy day, but is instead celebrated and payed tribute with each harvest made, a small tithe of the harvest offered up to a shrine to him instead, thanking him for the bounty they are given. In some smaller villages, common folk will pay thanks to the Allfather, as well as the Queen of Death, during Samhain, as it signifies the end of the harvest. \par
\ul\b\fs36 Commandments of the Allfather                           \'f8\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone\b0\fs28 Help relieve the suffering of the innocent, wherever it exists.\ul\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\ulnone\b0 Be ever vigilant for evil. People are quick to forget the lessons of the past.\ul\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\ulnone\b0 Deliver the light of the Allfather wherever darkness dwells, with kindness, compassion, and mercy. \ul\b\f1\fs22\lang9\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\f0\fs52\lang1033\par
The Banished Gods\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone\b0\f1\fs22\lang9\par
\ul\b\f0\fs40\lang1033 The Hungering Calamity\fs44\par
\ulnone\fs32 Alignment: \b0 Chaotic Evil \b\f1\'b0 \f0 Domains: \b0 Blood, Death, Twilight, War\b\fs36\par
\b0\tab\fs32 Hailed as the most chaotic and destructive, even of the Banished Gods, the Hungering Calamity sees all as enemies and longs to return the universe to its original state before the creation; an empty canvas of vast nothingness. Born of the abyss, the Hungering Calamity is a writhing, chaotic amalgamation of sin and flesh; the embodiment of the most primal evils that have cursed humanity, and thus is rightly hailed as the god of misfortune, ruin, and apocalypse. His incessant greed drives him, ever-quietly whispering to him that all is his. His unyielding gluttony ebbs him on, ever-consuming more and more. His eternal wrath burning a false pit in the bottom of his stomach, fueling him to destroy all without compunction or bias, as all of creation will end with him.\par
\tab Legend goes that the Hungering Calamity has no form, but is instead a living manifestation of the abyss itself, and thus has been depicted in many different ways throughout the eons, each more gruesome and terrifying than the last. Though each depiction is varied and different, they all follow similar themes of abyssal horror, depicting a mountain-sized, bipedal, humanoid horror, which has three heads, one of a man, one of a fiend, and one resembling a dragon, and possesses countless other abyssal appendages, such as rotted wings, aberrant claws, warped pincirs, perverse eyes, and many maws of broken, jagged, gnashing jaws. His symbol is that of a blood seal encircled in chains.\par
\tab The most holy day of the Hungering Calamity is foretold in legend as the Final Light, expressed through prophesized text as the day in which the Hungering Calamity will claw up from the Malefic Planet, his prison-domain forever at the edge of the unending abyss, devouring the last light of the Sun-King, and finally bringing finality and ruin to all.\par
\ul\b\fs36 Commandments of the Hungering Calamity               \'f8\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone\b0\fs28 Syphon and offer power to the Hungering Calamity until his liberation comes.\ul\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\ulnone\b0 Ruin and raze the realms to prepare for the Final Light.\ul\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\ulnone\b0 Desecrate and pervert shrines to the Ancient Ones, exalting their relics and offering them to the Hungering Calamity.\ul\b\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone\b0\f1\fs22\lang9\par
\ul\b\f0\fs40\lang1033 The Collector\fs44\par
\ulnone\fs32 Alignment: \b0 Lawful Evil \b\f1\'b0 \f0 Domains: \b0 Death, Grave, Knowledge,  Trickery\b\fs36\par
\b0\tab\fs32 The Collector is the newest of the gods, but has quickly amassed one hell of a following. Self-prefessed as the new lord of the Nine Hells, he whispers honeyed words, each of which are soothing and carefully crafted to corrupt the mortal heart. Believing that ruling from the top will allow greater control than ruling from a pit, the Collector resides in the first ring of the Nine Hells, Limbo, where rules over all his domain with an iron fist, crushing those brutish enough to challenge him and enslaving those who dare to oust him with cunning and guile. The punishments of those that dare cross him are nothing short of the stuff of nightmares, and, if you should ever dare to try and break a contract, absolutely legendary. Evil entities pay him tribute out of fear and respect, while Warlocks are drawn to him for his power and promises.\par
\tab A ghastly image of the mortal he was once said to be, the Collector has been depicted through very few tomes, but instead more through word of mouth, as he is described differently by each patron he visits with, but most stories tend to follow a similar theme. A collection of the most commonly recanted details paints and image of the Collector as a tall, handsome, gaunt human, of jet black skin, with the features of a skeleton tattooed over his bony body. He dresses well, often adorned with gold and gems, and his lips always bear an ever knowing grin. His symbol, which was rarely known until recent, is that of two arrow heads, one inverted, interlocked together in a twisted, six-sided star.\par
\tab The Collector is often the god that those who wish to practice necromancy and undeath pray to, often striking deals with him in exchange for specific souls long since departed from the relams, that have often been placed under the protection of the Queen of Death, which has earned him her eyre. Though the Collector has no love for the undead themselves, viewing even liches as mindless drones, he finds the fixation of those who would recall them fascinating, often using them as disposable pawns for his plots and schemes.\par
\ul\b\fs36 Commandments of the Collector                           \'f8\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone\b0\fs28 Honor the deal. Exploit the weaknesses of others to your favor but keep your word. \ul\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\ulnone\b0 As you ascend to power, do not show pity or concern for those you climb over to get there.\ul\b\f1\fs22\lang9\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\ulnone\b0\f0\fs28\lang1033 Assert dominance over others. Show the strength of your will in the image of his malevolence.\ul\b\f1\fs22\lang9\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\f0\fs40\lang1033 The Spider Queen\fs44\par
\ulnone\fs32 Alignment: \b0 Chaotic Evil \b\f1\'b0 \f0 Domains: \b0 Knowledge, Trickery, Twilight\b\fs36\par
\b0\tab\fs32 The evil god of deceit, shadows, and spiders, the Spider Queen weaves a complicated web of schemes and treachery through her worshipers, deceiving allies and enemies alike to gain power. The Spider Queen\rquote s worship is entwined with the society of dark elves, even as the drow fall ever deeper into the thrall of the Hungering Calamity\rquote s aberrant minions. It is said that the Spider Queen can see through the eyes of all spiders, and that she is truly all-knowing. The Spider Queen bears a burning hatred for the Starchild\f1 , whom she claims drove her children below the earth \f0 due to their darkened skin, claiming it was proof of their tainted hearts and greed\f1 . The only being the Spider Queen fears is the \f0 Hungering Calamity\f1 ; she dreads its alien mind and is furious over what its madness is doing to her children.\par
\tab Many icons and idols within dark elf society show the image of the Spider Queen, a darkly alluring woman of dark purple skin and silver hair, her abdomen swelling into the terrifying body of a monstrous spider.\f0\par
\ul\b\fs36 Commandments of the Spider Queen                      \'f8\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone\b0\fs28 It is better to be loved than feared, but you may certainly try to be both.\ul\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\ulnone\b0 Misdirection, slander, and shadowed steps have more function than direct combat.\ul\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\ulnone\b0 Death to the elves who live under the sun! Death to all their allies!\f1\fs22\lang9\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\ul\b\f0\fs40\lang1033 The Avaricious\fs44\par
\ulnone\fs32 Alignment: \b0 Lawful Evil \b\f1\'b0 \f0 Domains: \b0 Blood, Tempest, War\b\fs36\par
\b0\tab\fs32 The wicked queen of chromatic dragons is a fearsome god of greed, envy, and hoarded wealth. While her children, the chromatic dragons, are her clearest, and most devout, worshippers, she welcomes the prayers of any who love fortune and wealth above all others- except for her, of course. Her followers pay tithe to her in the form of offerings, made of their most valuable treasure, as her cautious, insatiable personality prefers that treasure is offered to her instead of searching for riches on her own. Other ways her followers may choose to worship her would be by manipulating mortals, particularly those who are the disciples of other gods, for use in the schemes of the Avaracious, and by destroying and razing the homes and cities of mortals, keen that they don't forget their place, which is beneath her, no more than tools to be used and disposed of.\par
\tab The Avaricious's hatred for the Sun-King is one as old as the Creation, and her cults are ever hunted by his almighty justice. Her worship was, for centuries, limited by his zealous paladins to just that of her chromatic offspring, however within the spreading chaos currently blanketing the world, her influence has grown as small cults of dragon-worshipping mortals have been appearing across Arkhege since the fall of Ymon.\par
\tab Most visual representations of the Avaricious exist as warnings within the sanctuaries dedicated to the Sun-King. She is often shown as a drake of incomparable size, with massive, seemingly endless leathery wings, birthing clouds of toxic mist with every flight, while she shouts from five viscious heads, each of which depicting a different chromatic color of her evil children. Her symbol, sparsely appearing in lore, or etched into the secretive sites of her worship, is that of an ouroboros, a snake eating its own tail, given more draconic features and twisted into a symbol of the infinite.\par
\ul\b\fs36 Commandments of the Avaricious                          \'f8\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone\b0\fs28 Amass wealth and spend little. The power that comes with it is sufficient reward.\ul\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\ulnone\b0 Do not forgive, nor forget, an indignity to yourself. Let no affront go unpunished.\f1\fs22\lang9\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\f0\fs28\lang1033 Take what you covet. Those without the power to protect their dominion do not deserve one.\f1\fs22\lang9\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\ul\b\f0\fs40\lang1033 The Mother of Monsters\fs44\par
\ulnone\fs32 Alignment: \b0 Neutral Evil \b\f1\'b0 \f0 Domains: \b0 Blood, Life, War\b\fs36\par
\b0\tab\fs32 Passive, patient, and kniving, the Mother of Monsters is the wicked god of all that which is misshapen and malformed. The patroness of Gnolls, Medusae, Harpies, Minotaurs, and even Goblins, she is praised by all those which crawl, slither, or flap on, above, or below the surface of Arkhege. The Mother of Monsters, in a stance befitting that of the most paranoid and reclusive deity, considers all other gods her enemies. She is aware of the other gods' hatred towards her, but treats it as beneath her notice. Despite this widespread animosity, she focuses her attentions on growing her cults and expanding their reach, as well as the birthing of strange, new, and hideous monstrosities.\par
\tab Pictures of the Mother of Monsters portray her as a jackal-headed woman with a third vertical eye in the center of her forehead, heavily pregnant, with feathered wings, a snake's tail, and taloned feet. Her head may vary depending on the nature of her worshipers, gnolls prefering the jackal head, medusae a snake's, harpies a hawk's, and so on. Her symbol, however, is that of her most common depiction, a three-eyed jackal head.\par
\tab Her followers seek out deformity in themselves and others. The unusual clothing of her human followers is that of a jackal mask, made of leather or metal, a pair of swords or knives made to resemble her personal weapons, and a cloak of black feathers. Monstrous races may wear the same, but typically forgo the mask in favor of their own monstrous features. The Mother of Monster's favor manifests as violent dreams, the appearance of sudden deformities, or unexplained pregnancies that often result in painful, and sometimes fatal, birth of a deformed child.\par
\ul\b\fs36 Commandments of the Mother of Monsters               \'f8\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone\b0\fs28 Go forth and reproduce. Spread throughout the realms and sew discord.\ul\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\ulnone\b0 When confronted, speak not with logic and reason, but fight with chaos and confusion. \ul\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\ulnone\b0 Conform not to the societal norms of humans, but seek those with strangeness, birthing new and unique chaos to the realms.\f1\fs22\lang9\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\f0\fs28\lang1033\par
\ul\b\fs52 Lesser Gods/Unaligned Deities\par
\par
\fs40 The Whisperer of Secrets and Shroud\fs44\par
\ulnone\fs32 Alignment: \b0 True Neutral \b\f1\'b0 \f0 Domains: \b0 Arcana, Knowledge, Trickery\b\fs36\par
\b0\tab The Whisperer of Secrets and Shroud is the patron of many who find the standard, devout worship of deities too padantic and excessive for their tastes. \fs32 Not much is known regarding the inigmatic collector of secrets, and many often debate if he is actually a god in nature or not. He is most commonly praised in secret, worshipped by most in the unconventional way of amassing and sharing secrets, for a price. Those who do openly worship his benevolence often wear thick, heavy shrouds, which leave their features hidden and obscured to prying eyes, and act as a sort of collector and dealer, receiving secrets and information from other worshippers, bother open and not, and, in return, sharing secrets with them, if the payed information is worth the price.\par
\tab The appearance of the Whisperer of Secrets and Shroud is unknown, like much about the lesser deity. Many believe those who outwardly worship him dress as they do to take on his visage, which is best described as that of an ordinary ratfolk, dressed in large, thick, dark, baggy robes, complete with a hood which hangs and shrouds his face from view. Due to this, it is said that he walks among his followers, and that any one of them that you meet could be the real god, or just another devotee.\par
\tab The Whisperer of Secrets and Shrouds isn't viewed as a god, but instead as the leader of a cult in most countries, and as such he isn't given a proper temple or holy day. In many places his acolytes are forced to hide in the shadows and congregate in dark areas hidden away from the beaten path, like the sewers, as any visable, public worship of him is met with scorn and disapproval.\par
\ul\b\fs36 Commandments of the Whisperer of Secrets and Shroud\'f8\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone\b0\fs28 Seek knowledge in all things. That which is most guarded has the most value.\ul\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\ulnone\b0 Collect secrets wherever they are. Information is often worth far more than gold.\ul\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\ulnone\b0 When entering new lands, seek out other followers and congregate, for secrets always flow where shrouds gather.\f1\fs22\lang9\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\ul\b\f0\fs40\lang1033 The Fox Spirit of Purity\fs44\par
\ulnone\fs32 Alignment: \b0 True Neutral \b\f1\'b0 \f0 Domains: \b0 Arcana, Forge, Nature\b\fs36\par
\b0\tab\fs32 Once one of the most predominantly worshipped and praised gods,  the Fox Spirit of Purity was seen as the patron goddess to farmers, warriors, and blacksmiths everywhere, but none worshipped and sung her praises more than the Kitsune, a race who's history is filled and even shapped by the goddess, whom they believed created them in her own image. Though her influence has waned greatly since the genocidal purge of the Kitsune some hundred years ago, the Fox Spirit of Purity is still worshipped within small groups and villages around the western continent of Vesper, primarily within, and around, the secluded, hidden kitsune villages.\par
\tab While she's primarily seen as a neutral deity, with her primary domain being that of purity and balance, which is usually translated better by warriors of light and good, which champion her cause, translating it to be one of forgiveness, redemption, and purification, seeking out beings that have been corrupted and tainted by various sources, such as necromancers and the undead, bringing their souls back to the way of the light, or laying them to rest when necessary. This is however, at times, seen as taking her ideals too far, as balance cannot exist with strictly good or evil. Some smiths and crafters in villages that know of, and have relations with the kitsune also worship her, believing her blessing of purity helps their craft, enabling them to refine metals, gems, and other materials to a nearly divine level, far surpassing that of any other crafter. Her most devout followers, however, are unsurprisingly the zenko, a small subrace of primarily female kitsune, believed to have been blessed by her divinity in the womb, and thus born with a very close connection to the goddess herself. The females almost always become clerics in her service, often moving up into influential roles, groomed to be natural leaders from birth, while the few male zenko turn to the innate sorcery she bestows them, or crusading her cause across the land as a paladin in her holy service.\par
\tab The Fox Spirit of Purity once had many depictions, but in her waning influence of recent years, only one predominant visage of her divinity remained: the form which was worshipped as the mother of magical foxes. Always depicted as appearing in moonlight, never during the day, the Fox Spirit of Purity takes the form of a young, beautiful, twelve-tailed kitsune woman, with both human and vulpine features. Her hair and fur are a very light, pale gold, and her skin is equally pale, almost glowing, as she wears a long, folded dress, called a kimono, often dark colored with small, white flecks printed on the fabric, like rice. Her symbol is that of a small fox shadow, covering over the full moon.\f1\par
\tab\f0 Not many outside of kitsune society know of the Fox Spirit of Purity's holy day, the Purge, which is held on the first night of each new year. The Purge, despite how violent the name sounds, is actually a very somber, mellow, and peaceful celebration. The evening is first met with a bountiful feast, where a variety of food, harvested and hunted from the nearby lands, is accompanied by sweet, fresh wines and meads, brewed from the natural honey and fruits cultivated by the kitsune, is distilled with a thin malt made from fermented rice. They spend the night feasting and being merry as a community, and the few outsiders who have witnessed the holiday celebration say the custom of repenting sins and corruption of the year's past is surprisingly met with an air of openness, acceptance, and forgiveness from the community, especially by those that have been aggrieved.\par
\ul\b\fs36 Commandments of the Fox Spirit of Purity               \'f8\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone\b0\fs28 Strive for purity and balance in all things. The light cannot exist without the dark, and the dark cannot exist without the light.\ul\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\ulnone\b0 Waste not, want not. Do not be consumed by material greed, yet do not be afraid to seek what you covet.\ul\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\ulnone\b0 Peace and neutrality. There is a time for action, and there is a time for inaction; strive for the wisdom to know when is the time for both.\f1\fs22\lang9\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul\b\f0\fs52\lang1033\par
\ulnone\b0\f2\fs22\lang9\par
}
 